everything is fair in love and war this
quote is so much related to this movie
many countries have been erased from the
world map with time sometimes for war
between kings and sometimes for
political flaws
but to get to know how important is love
in this war watch the whole video
greetings friends i'm back here to you
with a movie about war and adventure
released in 2004 named troy at the
beginning of the movie we saw a man
named agamemnon who was a powerful king
from the greece empire he gets in
another king's land with his troops then
the king of that area also came there
with his troops then agamemnon and the
other king talked to each other face to
face the king said to agamemnon that get
out of my land with your troops but
agamemnon said that i want you to fight
for me then the king said you can't
conquer the whole world then agamemnon
said that many kings like him have
already told him that but now they are
fighting beside me then agamemnon said
that we should end this war like our
ancestors did call your greatest warrior
and i will call my greatest warrior they
will have a fight if your warrior wins
then tomorrow morning i will get out of
your land with my troops but if my
warrior wins then you get to keep your
kingdom but whenever i call you you will
have to come to me with all your troops
and be ready to fight for me
the other king accepted agamemnon's
offer and calls his greatest warrior
bowagrius and then an eight-foot tall
and muscular guy comes forward who looks
like a great warrior by his look and
then agamemnon called his warrior
achilles but no one comes forward from
there
watching this all of the troops from the
opposite side started laughing and the
other king said people get scared
watching boa agrees sometimes
agamemnon said you don't even understand
who you're talking about at that time a
man on the back of a horse comes in and
said achilles didn't come here with the
live troops
then agamemnon asked him then where is
he
then the man said i've sent a guy to get
him here then we saw that achilles was
sleeping with naked woman
and the man who portrays the character
of achilles was none other than the
greatest actor of hollywood
brad pitt
and in this movie brad pitt acted like a
true actor and it was magnificent
and then achilles reached there in the
warfield then agamemnon said to him that
for your mistake you should be punished
but achilles said go fight your war on
your own and then started walking back
then the other king said to him look at
these thousands of warriors if you fight
for them then they will be alive
you can stop this war from happening and
he said it because if boagris and
achilles fight then the decision will be
taken from their battle
and agamemnon was a great king and he
had so many kings beside him whenever he
called them they had to come to the
warfield with their troops
and achilles also lived in agamemnon's
kingdom but he didn't want to work for
him and achilles is a great warrior
he lives in agamemnon's kingdom but they
can't tolerate each other whenever
achilles thinks it's right then he comes
to the war and when he thinks it is not
right then he doesn't come and agamemnon
couldn't tolerate achilles and in some
corner of his heart he was four achilles
then achilles said to the other king
that suppose if the kings fought their
fight on their own then how cool it
would be and after saying that he
started walking towards boagris to fight
with him he started running toward him
and killed him with just one stab with
his sword
then he stood against all the troops and
screamed if any of you have the guts to
fight me then come let's fight
but none of the warriors were that brave
to fight with achilles then the king
came there and gave something to
achilles and said to him give it to your
king
but then achilles said he is not my king
and left
the name of the movie is troy because
there was a great war named troy and
there was a kingdom named troy
the king of troy had two sons one of
them was hector and the other was paris
and hector was also a great warrior like
achilles and he was famous all over the
world for his fighting skills
hector and paris came to sparta
they came to sparta because there was a
war going on between sparta and troy for
so long but they want to shake hands of
friendship
they were so hospitable to hector paris
and their men and they stayed there for
so long the king of sparta was the
younger brother of agamemnon and his
wife's name was helen
helen was so beautiful and she was
famous all over the world for her beauty
but helen and paris fall in love and
started an affair
after that when they were returning to
troy then paris took helen with him on
their boat and told him about their
affair in the middle of their journey
hector got so angry after hearing this
because hector knew they will have to
pay for what they've done and told them
to turn the boat around
he will return helen to sparta where she
came from because i don't want any war
and troy for my brother paris and
thousands of people will die from this
war
then paris said if you return helen to
sparta then i will stay there with her
too
then hector said they will kill you
then perez said i can't live without the
love of my life and i'm not scared of
anyone
then hector became quiet listening to
paris
and they came back to their kingdom troy
with helen
then we can see that agamemnon's brother
went to agamemnon and said they
kidnapped my wife
and they didn't just insult me but they
have insulted the whole kingdom that's
why i want to declare a war against them
i want to attack them will you come with
me
then agamemnon replied yes of course i
will be with you
agamemnon always wanted to attack troy
for so long and he wanted to conquer
troy it was his dream and now it is time
to make it true
and the most adventurous thing about
this war is that achilles doesn't want
to join this war
because he doesn't want to fight for
agamemnon
at night when agamemnon and his friends
were planning strategy for the war
then his friends said we will need
achilles for this war then agamemnon
said that no one can control achilles
maybe we will find out that instead of
fighting for us against troy he will
start fighting against us
and agamemnon was so cruel his friends
said this was to be the greatest war of
all time
maybe there was no war like this one in
history
that's why we need a great warrior in
this war and achilles is that great
warrior
and then agamemnon sent a king to
achilles he said that they have insulted
us but achilles replied that they have
insulted only one person and i have no
relation with that person
then the king said this was going to be
the greatest war in history and whoever
will fight in this war will be
remembered for thousands of years
and achilles wants that his name should
be remembered until the end of the world
but achilles didn't answer anything to
the king
and that day he went to meet his mother
and there is a belief that achilles
mother was a goddess
and friends here i want to tell you
another fact about achilles which is not
present in this movie but it's in the
history when achilles was born his
mother grabbed his feet in other words
his mother grabs his ankle and drowned
him in river water and that is why his
whole body was immortal but only where
his mom grabbed him his ankle was the
only place that was not immortal
then his mother said i know they want
you to join this war but if you don't
join this war you will get a beautiful
wife and kids but no one will remember
your name
but if you join this war your name will
be remembered until the end of this
world and if you join this war you will
never be able to come back and i will
never get to see you again
achilles then asked his mother if
everything was going to happen that his
mother just said
then his mother replied that yes i know
all of this will happen and he will
never come back he will die but after
all this achilles decided to join the
war and started getting ready for the
war of troy
thousands of boats sailed in the sea for
that war
on the other side when hector came back
to troy he told his father that we
should return helen to sparta but his
father said that i know they both love
each other and after falling in love
with helen paris has changed a lot but
hector replied that he can't see the
whole kingdom and fire for his brother's
love
on the other side menelaus has already
went to his brother menelaus was the man
whose wife was kidnapped by paris
then hector said that you know agamemnon
very well he wants to destroy us for so
long and if they attack us we will never
be able to win this war then his father
said the walls of troy are so tall
that no one will ever be able to pass
these walls
friends the walls of troy were actually
so tall and no man could pass these
walls
but hector was a man of good heart he
can't let troy get destroyed for his
brother's mistake and love
on the other side thousands of boats
were sailing towards troy then agamemnon
realized that one boat is ahead of them
then agamemnon asked his friends whose
boat is this they replied that it was
achilles boat
agamemnon then asked what does he want
to do
does he want to conquer troy with his
few troops
and then achilles boat reached the beach
but the other boats were so far from him
achilles gets down on the beach and
fought with bravery
all the other troops from the boat were
shouting his name achilles achilles
and seeing this agamemnon became very
sad but then his friend told him let him
win this war and win the real war on
your own
agamemnon said i have given so many wars
to achilles before and after winning
that war he got the fame no one
remembered the name of the king behind
him and agamemnon couldn't tolerate this
on the other side achilles and his
troops fought with bravery there was an
apollo temple and they looted the temple
too and killed all the people who were
there and made them hostages
then hector came in front of him and
before that they killed all of hector's
men
achilles was with his troops but
achilles said to hector that we will
fight tomorrow and you can go home now
and leave him alone
on the other hand when achilles came
back to his tent he saw a girl who was
tied to his tent
one of his troops said we took her from
the apollo temple as a hostage
the girl was hector's cousin the girl
said to achilles that you have killed
the priests of the temple achilles
replied that i have killed a lot of
people but none of them were priests
but then the girl said maybe he didn't
kill them but your troops did but the
apollo god will never tolerate this he
will take revenge from you achilles said
then why is he being late
the girl replied that time will tell
everything achilles said that all
priests are dead and the caretaker is my
hostage now then why is he being so late
achilles realized that she was from a
royal family and asked her if she was
scared the girl replied should i be
scared then achilles said you don't have
to be scared of anything you're safe
here
then one troop enters the tent and said
agamemnon is calling for winning the war
then achilles went there
there were many kings along with
agamemnon agamemnon told all the kings
to get out of there then agamemnon asked
what do you think everyone will remember
you for today's victory people always
remember the kings
achilles then replied when we were
fighting and won the war our king was in
the middle of the ocean
agamemnon then said that your troops
have looted the apollo temple as well
achilles replied if you want something
from there then you can have it all of
those are gifts for me
agamemnon then replied he had already
taken all of those and right then
agamemnon called someone and they came
inside with the girl to whom achilles
said
you have nothing to worry about you're
safe here then achilles said to
agamemnon if you want to get out of here
alive then leave the girl alone but then
the girl said too much blood has already
been shed and i don't want another war
for me
then achilles became quiet and agamemnon
got amazed and said an ordinary girl
like her has made the greatest warrior
quiet
and to make him more angry agamemnon
also said that tonight this girl will
give me shower and that no one knows
what else is going to happen then
achilles got so angry and said before i
die i will kill you and then he left
the next day when they were going for
the troy war then some close friends of
achilles who were also great warriors
like him came to achilles and said
everyone is going to join the war
but achilles said none of us will join
the war and we will not fight this war
on the other hand hector and his brother
came to the war field and agamemnon and
his brother came as opposition party
then paris said to agamemnon that this
war is all about helen because i love
her and your brother also wants her
so this war should take place between
your brother and me rather than
thousands of troops
whoever wins the fight between the two
of us will take helen to his kingdom but
agamemnon didn't accept this offer
because he was not there to get back his
brother's wife he was there to conquer
troy but agamemnon's brother said let me
fight with him first so i get to take my
revenge and then you will attack on troy
but then agamemnon's brother in paris
started fighting menelaus was about to
kill paris then hector came in and
killed agamemnon's brother
then agamemnon got the chance to declare
war against troy since achilles is not
with them in the war so they had to face
defeat
many greatest warriors of agamemnon died
there they were about to lose then
agamemnon's troops said that we were
here to get back your brother's wife but
today your brother is no more so this
war doesn't make any sense
that night agamemnon called the meeting
and said that we need achilles
we have to get him and his troops back
at any cost and he also said that no
matter how much i beg him he will not
fight for me anymore then his friend
asked where's that girl agamemnon
replied i didn't even touch her i gave
her to my troops then we saw that the
troops were behaving so rudely with that
girl and then achilles came there kills
one of the troops then he took the girl
with him to his tent then the girl asked
him why did you choose a life of a great
warrior achilles replied i didn't choose
to be a warrior i was born and now here
i am
then achilles said you have devoted your
whole life to the gods then what do you
have to say about the god of war who
makes sheet out of dead men's skin
killed by his own hand
the girl replied i don't know much about
gods but all i know and believe is that
we should respect all the gods
then achilles said let me tell you a
mystery that no priest will tell you in
the temple he said all the gods hate us
because we are not immortal like them we
can lose our life at any moment that is
why all the moments of our life are so
beautiful
you are looking beautiful right now but
maybe some days later you won't be like
this anymore
then the girl said
i thought you were wild then they both
fell asleep but at night that girl tries
to kill achilles with a knife but with
his eyes closed achilles said go on kill
me then the girl said
if i don't kill you tonight then you
will kill many more achilles then said
yes you're right i will do it but the
girl couldn't kill him rather they had
sex
and maybe they fell in love with each
other and this time achilles decided
that he will not join the war and he was
getting ready to go back he told his men
to get all of their belongings to the
boat because we will sail for home
but that night the troops of troy
attacked them but this act was against
the rule of war hector told everyone not
to do this but no one listened to him
and at night all the troops of troy
attacked them
one cousin of achilles also joined this
war and they were like twins his face
was exactly the same as achilles and
achilles loved him so much
but he was angry at achilles because
they were going back while the people of
his country were dying
he wanted to fight for them
at night when the troops of troy
attacked them then achilles cousin
dressed up as a soldier and took his
sword and shield then went to the war
field with his troops and they thought
it was achilles in reality it was not
achilles but his cousin
and all the troops thought it was
achilles and went to the warfield and he
was fighting like achilles because he
was trained by achilles now he went face
to face with hector but hector killed
him after killing him they found out
that it was not achilles but his brother
one of the kings said that he is not
achilles he's achilles cousin then
hector goes back after getting back
hector was so tense he showed his wife a
hidden tunnel and said if the situation
gets worse then run away from here with
everyone on the other side when achilles
got to know that his brother was killed
by hector he got so angry
and next morning he was standing against
the wall of troy and asked hector to
come out then hector comes out and said
i want to make one thing very clear
whoever wins this fight will have to
respect the other
but achilles said there will be no deal
between a lion and an ordinary human
but then the fight between achilles and
hector was so brutal but in this battle
hector dies
but after killing him achilles ties him
to his wrath and drags him to his tent
watching this all the people of troy get
scared and depressed because all of them
loved hector so much
and he was the man of kind heart
on the other side the king of troy came
to achilles tent at night and said that
he was to take his son back
i want to give him the respect that all
the warriors receive after death but
achilles said if i want i can kill you
right now
but the king said my young son is dead
in front of me what do you think i'm
scared of death
they talked for a while and at last
achilles decided that he will give
hector back to him
and he does that and then achilles said
when someone dies in our country we
mourn for him for 12 days
then the king of troy also said yes we
do that too
then achilles said to him i promise you
that in these 12 days no one will attack
troy then bracius came there who was
hector's cousin the king said we thought
you were killed and then achilles also
let her go
achilles said to her that you can go
without any hesitation no one will stop
you but on the other side agamemnon was
so angry on achilles
why did he give them 12 days of time
he also said it was the right time to
attack them but his friend said that
hector is dead but we still can't pass
those tall walls of troy
then one of the kings has an idea he
made a big horse out of wood and cleared
the beach
after that there was no battle for 12
days because achilles promised them that
in these 12 days there will be no attack
on troy
and after 12 days when the people of
troy came out they saw that there was no
boat or any of their troops
rather there is a big horse made out of
wood and there were so many dead bodies
in front of the wooden horse and they
died from plague disease then the people
of troy said they had insulted the
apollo temple so the gods gave them
plague as a curse
then the commander of troy said we
should burn this horse right here and
taking this inside of troy would not be
appropriate but one of the priests said
we should not do this because this is a
sign of the god poseidon and we should
take this horse to the poseidon temple
and they took it inside of troy the
people of troy were celebrating because
they thought they have won the war and
this war was going on for 10 years
but on the other side agamemnon didn't
leave he just hid his boats and troops
then we saw that from the wooden horse
achilles and his troops were coming out
at night and they attacked inside troy
and opened the gate
and then agamemnon gets into troy with
all his troops they set the troy city on
fire they killed all the people of troy
from children to old people
and the king of troy whose name was
priyam was killed by agamemnon then
agamemnon saw that there was bresius
lover of achilles sat in front of a
statue of god and praying
agamemnon gets there and grabs her from
the back then said achilles has tasted
you that's why i also want to taste you
right then she killed agamemnon with a
little knife but the troops who were
with agamemnon were about to kill her
but then achilles came there and killed
them
on the other hand brisius was about to
fall from the temple but achilles got
her then the younger of hector paris
came there and saw them
then paris throws an arrow in achilles
ankle and the arrow went from this side
to the other side of his ankle
and as i told you earlier the whole body
of achilles is immortal except for his
ankle
but still he gets up feeling all the
pain from that arrow and started walking
towards paris
but in the meantime paris shoots three
four arrows at achilles and achilles
fell on his knee
but when paris was shooting arrows at
achilles his brother brisius was
screaming at him not to shoot achilles
but he didn't listen to brisias and kept
shooting arrows at achilles
then he came to his cousin and said come
with me then achilles told her that go
away from here because the whole city of
troy is going to be destroyed now but
she didn't want to go from there because
she loved her so much
and achilles also loved her a lot but
she had to get out of there so she left
and achilles died there and like that a
great warrior died and all the people
around him were looking at him and then
at the end his body was set on fire
and his lover brisius was looking at the
smoke coming out of his body from a
distance
and here the movie ends
so friends we tried to explain this
classic movie to you in very few words
if you like this story then please let
me know in the comments down below and
if you haven't watched the previous
videos off my channel then click on the
videos on your screen to watch them and
lastly i will say stay safe stay well
thanks